#Q1. Why do we call Python as a general purpose and high-level programming language?

Python is an object-oriented, high-level programming language.
Object-oriented means this language is based around objects (such as data) rather than functions,
and high-level means it's easy for humans to understand.


Q2. Why is Python called a dynamically typed language?

Python don't have any problem even if we don't declare the type of variable.
It states the kind of variable in the runtime of the program. Python also take cares of the memory management which is crucial in programming.
So, Python is a dynamically typed language.


Q3. List some pros and cons of Python programming language?

Pros -  Beginner-friendly,Large Community,Flexible and Extensible,Extensive Libraries
Cons - High memory consumption,Dynamically-typed language,Slower than compiled languages


Q4. In what all domains can we use Python?

Data Science,Automation,Web Development,AI & Machine Learning , Desktop GUI

Q5. What are variable and how can we declare them?

Variables are containers for storing data values.Python has no command for declaring a variable.
A variable is created the moment you first assign a value to it.


Q6. How can we take an input from the user in Python?

In Python, we use input() function to take input from the user.


Q7. What is the default datatype of the value that has been taken as an input using input() function?

Whatever you enter as input, the input function converts it into a string. 
If you enter an integer value still input() function convert it into a string.

Q8. What is type casting?

Type Casting is the method to convert the variable data type into a certain data type in order to the operation required to be performed by users.

Q9. Can we take more than one input from the user using single input() function? If yes, how? If no, why?

Python user can take multiple values or inputs in one line by two methods. 
Using split() method
Using List comprehension


Q10. What are keywords?

Keywords in Python are reserved words that can not be used as a variable name, function name, or any other identifier.

Q11. Can we use keywords as a variable? Support your answer with reason.

The keyword cannot be used as an identifier, function, and variable name

Q12. What is indentation? What's the use of indentaion in Python?

Indentation refers to the spaces at the beginning of a code line. 
Where in other programming languages the indentation in code is for readability only, the indentation in Python is very important.
Python uses indentation to indicate a block of code.


Q13. How can we throw some output in Python?

